Consolidated and reorganized all docs into the README (#66)
cloudstateio/cloudstate: README.md

This request rate based scaling is not used when scaling down, since the request rate when scaling down may be very low (for example, 0), making it impossible to reason about what an appropriate number of nodes to handle that request rate is. Instead, scaling down stable periods are much shorter than scaling up stable periods.

When an upgrade is detected, request rate based scaling decisions are also made, since upgrades cause a temporary degradation in performance as state is replicated and rebalanced to newly upgraded nodes.

At time of writing, the autoscaler only works in standalone mode, which uses one deployment per user function. Support for Knatives one deployment per revision of a user function has not yet been implemented, nor has support in Knative to disable the Knative autoscaler when a custom deployer is used.

### Support for HTTP and JSON

The Akka sidecar supports serving the gRPC user functions services both as gRPC, as well as using HTTP/JSON, using the [gRPC HTTP extensions](https://cloud.google.com/service-infrastructure/docs/service-management/reference/rpc/google.api##http).

### Database support

> CloudState is using [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/persistence.html) for the durable storage, which has support for a [wide range](https://index.scala-lang.org/search?topics=akka-persistence) of NoSQL and SQL databases. However, CloudState has the additional requirement of a Graal native image for the database. So far we have support for the  Cassandra distributed database, with more databases (for example Postgres) in the works.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudState Proxy Reference Implementation is using [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/persistence.html) for the durable storage, which has support for a [wide range](https://index.scala-lang.org/search?topics=akka-persistence) of NoSQL and SQL databases. That said, since it is compiled into a GraalVM native image, the database connection drivers need to be adapted. So far we have support for the Cassandra distributed database, with more databases (for example Postgres) in the works.   
```

Implementation details:

  * Will vary on a per-backend and per-frontend basis
  * Verify using CI

### End-to-end testing

Answers the question: How do we know that a given backend, frontend, and user function, we get the expected results when we call the user function?

Solution:

  * Permute backend + frontend combinations + frontend user functions for verification
  * Verify that calling the verification services' gRPC contract gives the expected outcome—thereby validating that end-to-end communcation works.
  * Simulate container failures at specific (or even stochastic) points to ensure that operation of the combination is within spec.

Implementation details:

  * None for now

### User function testing

Answers the question: How does the users test their user functions?

Solution:

  * Implement a TestKit as a part of each frontend user function API
  * Document how to add such tests, optionally generate a test harness which can be plugged into the builds for that platform.

Implementation details:

  * Will depend on each frontend implementation
  * API should be idiomatic for each specific platform

---
## Current project status

> TODO: Write an update or remove section

Author: @jroper Care to write an update, or should it be removed?
